You know to combine that all we can all is a gift or a prototype here let's say agreed method.
But the new syntax we can do it like this if you remember this from the very first much of this course
.
And here I just want to print out hello and then I can simply use refl. ply use my prison
and access the week method which it should have since the prototype has passed the person so that this
is set to it.
But you may also pass null as that doesn't really matter here.
And then pass an MTA raise since we're not passing any arguments.
What do you expect to see if and how it run.
Hello.
Because person that treat can be called because a person doesn't have discrete method but it's prototype
produ Yes and since we set the prototype to produ here we actually do have produ as a prototype we have
access to the create method and therefore we can use it.
The fact that this is SEPTA now doesn't really matter because we're not using this anywhere in this
method.
So that's fine and we see the conjunction of all the refl. methods.
We learned until now and again as I have said.
But I can't stress that enough.
Some of them are duplicate.
We have some of them in different places and Javascript but refl. really is that central repository
holding all of that.
And as it can see you can really do a lot by just using different refl. methods and that at the end
is what metaprogramming is about.
Here are some things like getting the prototype changing it you're changing the way your code behaves
and that's in the end what metaprogramming means.
Now we're not at the end of refl. we're just at the end with the construct and the prototype and the
applied functions.
I look at some methods on the refl. object in my sleeve